Question 1 :
Abstraction in OOPs is the process of hiding the implementation details from the user. 
It helps to reduce complexity and also improves security of an application.
For example, when you use a mobile phone, you only need to know how to make calls or 
send messages. You don't need to know how the underlying hardware and software works. 
This is an example of abstraction.

Question 2 :
Abstraction is the process of hiding the implementation details from the user and 
showing only the functionality. It helps in reducing complexity and is used to 
focus on relevant data of an application.
Encapsulation is the process of binding data and code together into a single unit. 
It helps in protecting data from outside world and allows access to methods and 
variables only through an interface.
For example, a car is an example of abstraction as it hides all its internal components 
from the user and only shows its functionality like starting, stopping, accelerating etc. 
On the other hand, encapsulation can be seen in a car's engine where all its components 
like spark plugs, pistons etc are bound together into a single unit which can be accessed 
only through an interface like oil filter or air filter.

Question 3 :
The ABC (Abstract Base Classes) module in Python is a set of abstract base classes that
provide a way to create interfaces and enforce contracts for subclasses. 
It is used to define abstract base classes that can be used to test whether 
a class provides a particular interface or has a particular property. 
This helps developers ensure that their code is consistent and follows certain standards.

Question 4:
data abstraction can be achieved through encapsulation, which is the process of 
hiding the implementation details of a class from its users. This allows users to
interact with an object without needing to know how it works internally.
we can achieve by using classobjectname._classname__privatevariablename

Question 5 :
No, we cannot create an instance of an abstract class. An abstract class is a 
class that contains one or more abstract methods, which are methods that do not
have any implementation. Abstract classes cannot be instantiated, meaning they 
cannot be used to create objects.
