                                    Question 1 :

A database is a structured collection of data that is stored and organized in a 
computer system. It is used to store, manage, and retrieve data.
SQL (Structured Query Language) databases are relational databases that use 
SQL to store and retrieve data. They are organized into tables with columns and rows,
 and use Structured Query Language (SQL) for defining and manipulating the data.
NoSQL databases are non-relational databases that do not use SQL to store and 
retrieve data. They are often document-oriented, meaning they store data in
documents instead of tables with columns and rows. NoSQL databases are often 
used for large datasets that require high scalability and flexibility.

                                    Question 2:

DDL stands for Data Definition Language. It is a language used to define the structure of a 
database, including the creation, modification, and deletion of tables and other objects. 
CREATE is used to create a new table or other object in the database; DROP is used to 
delete an existing table or other object; ALTER is used to modify an existing table or 
other object; and TRUNCATE is used to delete all records from a table.

For example, if you wanted to create a new table called "Employees" in your database, 
you would use the CREATE statement:

CREATE TABLE Employees (
  EmployeeID INT PRIMARY KEY, 
  FirstName VARCHAR(50), 
  LastName VARCHAR(50), 
  Department VARCHAR(50)
);

For dropping the table :
DROP TABLE table_name;

For adding the columns to the table :
ALTER TABLE table_name
ADD Email varchar(255);

The TRUNCATE TABLE command deletes the data inside a table, but not the table itself.
The following SQL truncates the table "Categories": 
TRUNCATE TABLE Categories;

                                    Question 3:

DML stands for Data Manipulation Language. It is a language used to manipulate data in a
 database. DML includes commands such as INSERT, UPDATE, and DELETE.

INSERT: The INSERT command is used to add new records to a table. For example, 
if you wanted to add a new customer record to the “Customers” table, you would
use the following command:

INSERT INTO Customers (Name, Address, Phone) VALUES ('John Doe', '123 Main Street', '555-123-4567');

UPDATE: The UPDATE command is used to modify existing records in a table. 
For example, if you wanted to update the address of an existing customer record in 
the “Customers” table, you would use the following command:

UPDATE Customers SET Address = '456 Second Avenue' WHERE Name = 'John Doe';

DELETE: The DELETE command is used to delete existing records from a table. 
For example, if you wanted to delete an existing customer record from the “Customers” 
table, you would use the following command: 

DELETE FROM Customers WHERE Name = 'John Doe';


                                    Question 4

DQL stands for Data Query Language. It is a language used to query data from a database. 
SELECT is the most commonly used DQL command and it is used to retrieve data from a database.
For example, if you wanted to select all the records from a table called "Customers" in a 
database, you would use the following SELECT statement:

SELECT * FROM Customers;



                                    Question 5


A primary key is a field in a table that uniquely identifies each row/record in a database
table. It is used to uniquely identify each row/record in a database table. A primary 
key column cannot contain null values and must contain unique values.
A foreign key is a field in a table that is used to establish and maintain relationships
between two tables. It is used to reference the primary key of another table, creating 
a link between the two tables. Foreign keys can contain null values, but they must also
be unique within the table they are defined in.


                                    Question 6

import mysql.connector
mydb = mysql.connector.connect(host="localhost", user="root", passwd="password")
mycursor = mydb.cursor()

The cursor() method is used to create a cursor object which will be used to execute
SQL statements. 
The execute() method is used to execute an SQL query on the database. 
It takes an SQL query as parameter and returns a result set of records from the database. 


                                    Question 7
                                    
The order of execution of SQL clauses in an SQL query are :
1. FROM
2. WHERE
3. GROUP BY
4. HAVING
5. SELECT
6. ORDER BY
7. LIMIT






