Question 1 :
API stands for Application Programming Interface. It is a set of protocols, 
routines, and tools for building software applications. An API specifies how 
software components should interact with each other.
An example of an API in real life is the Google Maps API. 
This allows developers to embed Google Maps into their own websites and 
applications, allowing users to view maps and get directions from one place to another.

Question 2 :
Advantages of using API are :
1. APIs allow developers to access and integrate the functionality of a system or 
service into their own applications. This allows them to create more powerful and 
efficient applications that can be used by a wider range of users.
2. APIs can also help reduce development time and costs, as developers don’t have to
build everything from scratch. They can use existing APIs to quickly add features and 
functionality to their applications.
3. APIs also make it easier for developers to keep their applications up-to-date with the 
latest features and bug fixes, as they can simply update the API instead of having to 
rewrite the entire application.
4. APIs also make it easier for businesses to monetize their services, as they can charge
for access or usage of their API. This allows them to generate additional revenue from 
their services without having to invest in additional development or marketing efforts.

Disadvantages of using API are : 
1. APIs can be difficult to use, as they require a certain level of technical knowledge
in order to properly integrate them into an application or system. This can be a barrier 
for some developers who may not have the necessary skills or resources available. 
2. APIs are also vulnerable to security risks, as malicious actors may be able to exploit
them in order to gain access to sensitive data or systems. It is important for developers
and businesses using APIs to ensure that they are properly secured against these threats. 
3. Finally, APIs can be expensive, as businesses may need to pay licensing fees in order 
to use certain third-party APIs or services in their applications or systems.

Question 3 :
A Web API is an application programming interface (API) that is used to enable communication
between web applications and servers. It allows developers to access and manipulate data
from a remote source, such as a web server, in order to create web-based applications.
The main difference between an API and a Web API is that an API is a set of programming 
instructions for accessing a software application or service, while a Web API is an 
interface that enables communication between two different applications over the internet. 
An API provides the means for two applications to communicate with each other, while a 
Web API provides the means for two web-based applications to communicate with each other.

Question 4 :
REST (Representational State Transfer) is an architectural style for designing distributed 
systems. It is based on a client-server model, where the client sends requests to the server
and the server responds with data. REST is stateless, meaning that each request from the 
client contains all of the information necessary for the server to process the request.

SOAP (Simple Object Access Protocol) is a messaging protocol used for exchanging information
between applications. It uses XML as its message format and relies on other application 
layer protocols, such as HTTP and SMTP, for message negotiation and transmission. SOAP 
messages are sent over a network using these protocols and can be used to invoke remote 
procedures or access web services.

The main shortcoming of SOAP is that it is complex and verbose compared to REST. It requires
more bandwidth than REST, which can lead to slower response times. Additionally, SOAP does 
not support caching, which can lead to inefficient use of resources when dealing with large
datasets.

Question 5 :
For REST (Representational State Transfer) :
-> REST is an architectural style for designing distributed systems.
-> It is based on a client/server model, where the client sends a request to the server and the server responds with data.
-> REST uses HTTP methods such as GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE to communicate between the client and server.
-> It is lightweight and does not require complex XML messages or WSDL files.

For SOAP (Simple Object Access Protocol): 
-> SOAP is a protocol for exchanging information in a decentralized and distributed environment. 
-> It uses XML messages to communicate between the client and server. 
-> SOAP requires WSDL files to describe the services available on the server. 
-> It is more complex than REST and requires more bandwidth for communication.
